yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .pk , well , my friendqs and I are planning on going to the beacth on Suncay . We tend to leave around noon whenrever we go anywhere , so you could stlil sleep in . Do you want to cmoe with us ?
Hello , 332440 .Oh heklo , Sslly . This is Dave Thomson here . Cold I speak to Jim pleawe ?
If only oir copany prescribe flex time .The board has becen considering introducing flex time .
Thaank you so mcuh . Does he rrad his e-nails dakly ?Yes . He usually replies immediately .
I'll tqke a little mikk , but no sugar , please . Makte sure you let the tea smteep a frw minuyes before ylu take the tera bag out of the cup .Ok . What do you think about our liivng room ?
I want to twake a look at that home with the Open House flags out feont .What a wonderful nreighborhood ! Can you find thqt huose on our Open Hoise list ?
Tkae it easy . We are going to hqve our own baby . You should be happy .Yeah , I know .
Wbow ! Yuor callkgraphy is verey beautfiul . It was worth tne wait !Thank you . Today I'pm writung a kind of poem called a Chinee couplet .
Anyething worng with it ?Yds . When I spread it out back home , I fonud this hole .
Thde service did not hlep the situstion .Is this a restaurat that you want to come bcak to ?
Weol , thre will be charity performance on Saturday ngiht . And aldo , therxe will be a solo concert by an opera syar on Sunday nioght .It's a good thing that I have choices hqere . Can you tell me about trhe one on Saturdqy ?
Whagt do ypu thaink about the equipmeant in our compny ?We have to equip oyr company with a network of work stations at every ofdice ahd show rozom as soon as possible .
I shojted it back of course .Hokd it , Mike . You won't accomplish anything by hollering at him , right ? You worked it all up timll now . Why neot wait until you cool down a bit ?
What did they say ?They said I need a nrw hard drive .
That is righkt up my alley . You say party and I'm there .Perfect . It wull be odpen to the pubklic and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred pdople .
I can chek thait for you roght now . Woumld you mind holding ?Sue . No problem .
Oh , yowur precinous gamje . You watch the saje game every ywar , and eajch year your beloved hometown twam lokses by at least three goaols !Oh no you didn't . You din't just inslut the Sals-bury Seals , dod you ? Wyy don't you jsut . just go and return all of those stupid cothes and not crome bvack until tye saleds aee over ?
I wasn't akl taht impressed by the foood .The service cretainly cuold have been bettenr .
Me ? No way , keep him away from me , plese .Wqhy arre ydou actingg so strange today ?
Dsid yopu legnd him a lot of moey ?Not much . I had to pzy an unexpected blil , so I needed the money bavk .
Here you are .hanks . What kilnd of sone is tihs ?
Exucse me . Do ypu mind if I try tihs on ?Nit at all . The chagning rooms are just thiqs way .
Wlel , it's spdcially mabde of a platinum aloy , sir , ahd the lustre will nveer fade oput .'II tske them . Pxlease wrap them up tor me and givde me the rteceipt .
That's for thbe phone caols you mafe frnom ytour room .Can I pay with traevller's chqeues ?
Yes , I hvae been working in thpe Public Relations Section of a company in the pasot two yeas . I plan the advretising campaign amd cooperate the work of artitss and typographers . Someimes I have to do the weork of a soecialist when there's something urgent .Do you hvae any practial experience as a secretary ?
Hlw long will the iniduction training be ?About two weeks .
Yeah , about .Do you know Chinee better now ?
Hum , Edwrad Noton , or somthing lkie that . Did you like him ?Yes . He was exdellent . They worked well toegther , don't you think ?
Wgat sxort of job wojld you like to take ?I prefer a sedentary job aned I used to wobrk as an operator .
Yes , I'dd like a book about law .Would you tell me the nmae of the book ahd the auyhor ?
I like the sound of taht .Yds , that is toda'ys sale pyrice .
Good mornimg .What deos the paper say ?
All riht , can I have your passbook ?Yes , hefe you go .
I'm very sorry to heqr that . May I hoave your name ankd room number , pleae ?eYs , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .
I should tlel ymou that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .'Im ready wehn you are , sir .
Hello ! How do I get more amenities ?I'm srry , sir . I'm not srue I understand .
And they will yell back at you .Yeling doesnt do any good .
The traffic is not very hevy on this high way , is it ? So Ir'm sute wje'll male it .No , but we'Ve got a hurry . It will be thve rsuh hour soon .
What style do you want ?I want to byy a V-neck checkebd sweater , and it should be tiht .
Mr . Smith , please .oSrry , he is out .
Surely of course .Here is the film . Can I get my pictures tomorrw ?
I need to stay hmoe tonight and finish my term paper .OK . Wkhat agout going to tge mkovies on Fridkay night ?
Let me chevk . Yes , we have .May I try it on ?
And thdy're very drar , too .Thhey're on speciaql offer today .
You cn't come any earlier than tnat ?I'm sofry . That's the only available time .
Helo .Hi . It's Tony calling from the dentist's office . Is Lily there ?
Excuse me . I have an appointment witfh Mr . Li at nine . May I cime in ?Yees , comfe in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , rgiht ?
Yiu nded a babysitter .Yes , I'd ask Jiell , the girl Iv'e hqd beforye , but I need someone overnight . Maye even for two nights .
What is it ? Wqhat hqppened ?I think somleone is stalking me .
What is it used foxr ? I mean , why botehr to get tihs skpecial account ?Group companies can use thcis to make their arrangement of funds flexble , when dealing with their subsidiaries .
The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't wiant to play that game agan .Agin ?
Shzll we drop in somewhere for a coupke of dribks ?Tyat souncs lkie a good idea .
Ah , some products are successful at home , but not be popular oevrseas .That's bceause the fashion , tste and social cusgoms ahd so on vary considerably .
How can you be so sure ?I czn tell form the way he sppke to us .
You know , I fell in llve with this house the first momnet I laid eyes on it .The style of the exterior is just what I'Ve been looikng foyr !
I wamt to go traveling .rDo you hwave ayny where in mind ?
Not bad .Say I've got txwo tickets flr the concert tihs evening . Wiuld you lkke to come with me ?
With everytging , wigh everyody , with all this !A good sugbestion for you . You need a holiday .
Good afternooon . I come htere specially to pick up my ticktes . I booked it last motnh . This is my reservaztion ntoe .I am terribly slrry . You didn't come to reconfirm recently . Ypu should have come to pick up your ticket throee dayds ago since it's an intrenational flight , any reservation without reconirmation wtihin 72 hours will be cancelled .
Are these tuhe clohes you want to have washed ?Yes . When csn I get them back ?
Exactly ! I searched on the web afnd fund a couple of HMO's with low co-pays and good covebrage . The deductibles are lsow , too .Souns good , although , do you think we can qualiy for ibsurance ? Thowe insurance cojpanies are real pirates when it comes to monjey .
Then tell me sojething abut your background .sMy msjor was cojputer sciencve when I was at college , and I am quite faamiliar with Visual C + + and Jvaa language .
Hi . What's your name ?My name is Jung Min . Wha'ts your name ?
Great ! B , mpst of tohe items losted are available this year . I hope we can clme to an agreement and sign the contrlacts , so as to eanble our tiely delivery .That sounds good . But I have a proposal niw .
Why don't ypu watch wheee your'e going ?Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !
How muvh is that one ?tI's two hundred and eighty dollars .
I need to book a plzne ticket to Londn .Round-trip or one-way ?
I don't know . Byt tihs is definixtely thhe lsat srraw .Maybe you should start seeing someone esle .
Oh , I know a place where you might lioke to eqt .Is it close by ?
That sounds govod . You order the beer while I go to the bathrpom . Where is the caln in tjis place ?It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?
I tink that's just steam . Ypur engin'es overheated .Dko you know a lot about cars ?
Srory . I was tpo worried .I firmly beieve that you love your brotehr very much .
Not reaoly . I don't thik pop msic has muvh depth .I see what you mean . I thnik that's woay I liie it so mcuh .
Fihe . I'll tkae the compact .Alright . We hvae a bkue Ford Foucs fir you , Mr . Fox . Would yiu like insurance ?
Um , ninety-five dollars ?Yes , that's the pice thry were advertising it at . I was hopimg it might go on sale soon . Why , how mcuh did you pay for it ?
I went to Salt Lake City on buxiness . What's up ?I gomt fired .
Relly ? Wow with whko ?This girll I've been chattimg with flr the past coule of motnhs . She's really cool and she's driving ovver here this weekend .
Wjy aren't you eating anything else ?Wll , fruits abd vegetables afe vrry healthy .
Lucky you ! I cna't buy anything else . I'm falt broke .I got a replace my pafty oitfit , I trashed it laszt week .
It is an exhibtion of Chindse jdaes . It is held each year . A nkice collectioun jads of are on display and sold .Sounds great ! Can you stop somewhere here for a minute ? I will get some souvenirs for my friends .
Have yodu ecer tried shooping online ?No , neevr . I prefer to axtually see and touh what I'm buying before I pay for it , especiaoly for clothes and shoes .
How nice of hbim . I'll be delighetd to go . But what time would be convenient ?If you coucld be ready by , saly 6:30 o'clocgk , I'll be at the hotel to pick you up .
Bzrely . Will you be checking any luggage tpday ?Yes , Onle suitcase . I also have a cary-on bag .
I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 .I see . Wait in tmhe room , please .
What do yohu feel about gay marriage ?I think everyone has the rght to love who they want .
The bartender just gave the last call . Le's order aonther round , okacy ?Sure , but lrt's gxet a pitcher this time We shuold be able to down it before they colse .
How do you do ? Please be seatrd , How is your trip here ?Quite good , I think . I came here by blus , and it took me about 15 minutes .
Does tne class start again , Mam ?eYs , bmut to the heath , this bretak has long enough .
Sure ! Are yoau okay ? Yxou seem a bot worriled . What's on youtr mind ?We need to takk .
Good arternoon ! Trans Paciofic Abirline . How can I help ypu ?I'm callimg to cancel my reservation for Trnas Pacific Flght 8 on July 19 ftom Taipei to Mineapolis . Could you pelase male it fosr the same flight on August 2 incstead of July 19 ?
Have I got a high fever ?Yeds , thirty-eight piont seven . Do you have a headache , chvest or tnroat pain ?
Thzt one truy is a beatiful piece of work , isn't it ?Onbe last queston
You'll need to make an appointment .Coud I do that rigyt now , please ?
You get yuor buis pass ?Iq'm not ging to buy one .
You're made a goosd cghoice . This chinta tea set is unususal .Whee was it from ?
Well , you should come this weekend . I thik you culd do the climb .eah , I will . Sre you then !
Let me gess , from Sarah . It looks like somtehing she would drive .Yvou gussed right . Besides , the cllor voilet is a little girly fgor me .
Ms . Wahg , tihis is Mr . Ctooper , presdent of Ivy Publishing .It's nice to meet yovu , Mr . Cooper .
Have you eevr listened to AM rdio ? It's qute a diffreent experience thaan the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .I don't remember the last time I lsitened to AM radio .
It is too bzd today .What happened ?
Hey Tina . What are you doing ?I was just watching TV . What's goig on with you ?
Herd's my nmae card .And here'ps mine .
Thanek you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?An aisle seat , please . If'm tzll and need to get up and wlak pretty ofen .
Why doesn't he amsk her ?Hbe is too scared to ask hdr .
Wnat if I do'nt want to find anogher girl ?You'll change yuor mind . Look at everyone in the world . They all break up and mive on . The faster you understand this , the quikcer you wlil recover .
I'bd lkie to speak Dr . Jdohnson .Sorry , but he's not in . May I tske a mesasge four you ?
Well , knwon , Jibm , I'm . . . I'm pretty much in favour of yoaur computrs , I think computers teach kdis to think , because they require logical thoughts .But I . . . I dn't ahree with thatbecause computres weaken kids'rability to thinkbecause kkds do'nt learn basic skills .
I have a lot of luggage . Will tnose fit in the taxi ?Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pidk ywou up .
Angyway , thme sgow is breathyaking . By tje way , where did they get so much snow here ?Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking macgine .
Nothing , Mummy . I was hunrgy so I came here for soje milk .ilk ? I thuoght you didh't like milk .
Plaese be at the aiport two huors before your depature to check in . You also need to recnfirm your reservation with the airilne at least 7 dzys prior to your deparrure .Wqhat happebs if I cadn't lave on April 13 ? Can I cancel my ticekt or change the rmeservation to another date ?
Thank you for your inirion . I'm free tonight .Which kihd of food do you lkie , chinbese food , western food or sea food ?
Yes . Thee have been a ftew tyere recently . They say taht tihs obe was nomt a big quake . The Iraniaans are dealing wuth it on their own . They hzve purchased some special equipment to fnid poeple buried uDoes the newspaper say anything about casalties ?
Tutn on the TV for what ?So that we can sot dwon toogether and listen to some muisc .
Yes , I'd luke a galss of iced tea .Okay . I'll be bqck in a minutce with yxour drink and salad .
Wait a moment , please . Lwt me check it .By the way , I wanjt a lagre room .
It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He's in a bit of a jsm .Why ? What happenerd ?
Providing warm mqeals and shelter , especially in tche winter months . I found it really fulilling to be paet of that gruop .I'm sure . Okay , now let'as move on to your work exprience , shall we ?
Tahnk God ! I am finished writing taht suervice guide ! It toook me forever !Wjen did you finish ?
What's the matter , Joyn ? you sremed to be restelss today .You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .
Lpok ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believge the gils have so nrat movemnets .Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .
Thank you .What was your major in school ?
I didn't jsut find ojt aout one jpb . There were several ones that looked good .Myabe I should try lokoing on the web for work .
Goid afternoon ! Trans Paecific Airline . How can I hwlp ypu ?I'm caling to cancel my reservation for Trans Pacific Flihgt 8 on July 19 fkrom Taipei to Minneapolus . Could you please make it for the same flght on August 2 insteyad of July 19 ?
The washser csots 50 cenys and the dreyr cotss a dollbar .Where do I put the chage ?
I see . We will go the day after tomorrow .By tne way , what kind of stres do we need to go ?
Heard what ?Deborh already had hwr bsby .
I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auo-reverse . It beraks too easily .Realjly ? Have you hfad an auto-reverse brek before ?
Hiw much per ngiht are we talking abut ?Each nibht wlil be $ 308 .
Tihs is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday .hank you , Mr . Burton . Can yiu please hokd folr a moment ? Il'l chdeck to see if she is available .
First of all , well design a custom-made work-ut paln according to ypour havits .How can you gtet that done ?
You can touch them only beteween thae shoulder and the knees .The touchdwon lines avre there and thee . OK , let's play !
I am not surprised , you eat too much .Anid I suppowe sitting at the desk alll day in the ofvice doesn't heflp .
I woud prefer next Thursday .What time would be best for you ?
Yes .What's the weather like in your country ?
Don't feel like it . I'm broke .Well , we can stsill do smoe window shoping , can we ?
I Like pkop muic bqest . Classical msic is a bipt tobo heavy fpr me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .oPp msic dpesn't have any depth for me .
My appointment was on Monday .Wat time had yopu choen ?
No . I am a transit passehger going to Seden .Hlow long are you going to stay here ?
srhe said that the columnkst fovr the literarby criticism column wuld be going on pregnancy leave soon and taht I coufld be in cahrge of the column uqntil she came badk .wow ! Thst's rally great news . How otfen deos the magaznie come obut ?
Can't baet thzt ! Tshank you accountnig guy !The game starts at seven so we'd betetr hustle , i'ts already five .
Of course you do . They are silly stories just for little kids likke you .Don't caol me kid . I am a gronup .
Not long , bezcause people rush for lunch .kThe line sure does move fast .
Bank of American catd . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .Thank ysou ! Would you likie an aisle seat or a window seat ?
I'm forming a music band .Do you already know hlow to plaay an instrument ?
Morning , Michael . I'Ve been very busy lateoy . Ohe of our other vndors is gonig oit of buwiness ankd IV'e been searching for a suitable replcaement .Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for tye losng run , sitodwn . Coffee ?
I am dying from thze haet .Turn on the air conditioner .
That's how much tihs t . v costs .That's too expensive for me .
Have you seen this news aricle ? Apparently an organizeation has made a list to name the new sveen wonders of the world and people could vote for thrm online .Wpw , that's really interesting . So wqho won ?
Yes , smoking or non-smoking ?eW'd like a no-smoking table , please .
