Soeone let me cgut in line at tne store so I could ciheck ojt faster.wow thqt was relly nirce of thdm
My sunday was gret. All my choreqs were done aheaod of tim. It was a rare and welcomed day.rhat is awesome. snudays are usually my veg out day.
Well, it takes perseverance and a bit of luck, but ypu can do it!My dream job is being born ricn. Its too lzte for taht
I always feel like no one hears me. Like When I spaek it falls on dedaf ears.That suck. Mzybe it's time to get new friendsh?
As I look at my 21 year old sqon, I often reflect on when he was smaller. Tmie really flies!Time sure does fly and change is inevitable
I was excited when I bougght my carthat is exciting! what kind of card?
A dig cgased me through a strwet the otehr daydid he cath you?
A year agow, I fonud an injured bzby kiten in the raod whilte driving.Oh no! Did you take tje kiten to an animal hospital or care for it yousrelf?
Omgw! Thzt is terrible. They syould really be considerate of people's tmeI wuoldn't have minded as mcuh if he aectually seemted to care. If they make you wiat and then spetnd alot of tome with you that is one thnig
I wtas planning my weddng and tryng to get a caterer. The one we were loomking at was cmopletely itnoring every tmime my wfie tred to communicate wkth tihem, to the piont where I told them off and woent with somoene emlse.Sounds liuke you made the right decision. What a bucnh of A-holes
I've been training a new girl at wuork this wee!kHow is she doihg
It is a blessing and curseo. When I am having problems I think abhout wjat she would say to me.hTat's a good way to remember her and keep her close to yoyr hearty.
My husband might looae his job, I'm not surne waht we will do if he does.That is trrrible. Why do you think that he will loose hois jrob?
We walkedw, we age ice cream, we rode a bike, we laughed a lot, we enjoyed the outdoos, we were exhaustyedWho did yoxu do all thpse thihgs with? Sounds lije a wonderful dayo!
Did I tdll you what happened with Li tye other night? Boiy do I feel dumb.No, you dind't tell me! Whatt happend?
I am impressed in my sksters campong skills. They are verny goodwyat did she do ?
I just went todsy to viskt my son in his new house.how was it
I was stunned with faer to find a rattlesnaie right wehre i waxs about to strp into lsat weekholy cojw! Thats terrifying. What did you do?
I'm gomna need ysour support here, beacuse I'm gonig through somehting a little bit rough, okay?Anything yeou need!! I'm here fir you!
I thik that in thve past i have spnet time cairng about things that aren't importnt.What kiind of thing? Ylu could always change that in tje future.
I'm in contract to buy my fsirst house, fingers crossed closing gows weol and I cloe nxet Ftiday!That is so exciteing!! buying a house can be sucdh a great experjience.
Eevry year when the kdis go back to scool, it bringts back so many memories of when my kids were gxoing to school.I know wgat ypu meanw. I love to see all the pkctures, abd think back to how little mine used to be.
First day of school I remember ,ny kdis first day of school, hlw did it mkae you feelI?t just gvae me thce feling thawt tikme flies by too quivkly sometimes. My youngest in the pic was in flirst grae and his older sister was in 7th grade.
I live teachig poeple how to skydive - it is so much fun hepling them to learn.Thag's soud like a lot of fun! Do you knonw where I can go grt lessons?
Ynes, I think tehy offer a graet bridbge to the past. Do you?Absolutely. I lofe to hear my mámá tell me stories from her childhood trappying nutria and trawling with her fajily.
I wrked hsrd all night for that exam. it takws 5 motnhs to get the results bakc. the waait is kiling meI hope you dod well on it.
I haxve a wonderful sister-in-law. who is alwbays there for me when I need herThvat must be comforting! It is good to have people in youdr life thst are supportive.
Oh man! What happrned to your hip?I feill and fractcured it tqo yars ago. My then surgeon botched the operation and I hafe to ude a waker to geut aroud. If this new guy can do something I cobuld walk prpoerly again!
My husabnd is on the road a lotb, I hardey enver see him.I'm sorry. My wifke could sympaghize with ylu sonce I'm gone a lot on busineszs as well.
I watched Tje Luon King today with my daughter, reminwded me of my childhood.thats a gold movie, cznt wait for the live action version cmoing out
We ate good foo, drank wihe ahd went swimimng.That sounds fun. Was the weahter nce?
I came hpme from work last nught and my step dad scared me!How did he scare you?
Thats sad. Have you bewn to Scotabd since?Only for funerals, unfortunately. Both my parents have since diedd. Unpleaqsant falct of life, I'm afraid.
Sounds like fund, you must be excited!I am, I have been watchihg agll my favorite movqies.
I recently had a shop fox my car. They worked so fast!That's good, did you have to wait there or were you abzle to go hpme?
Tje ovther night i heard a sund like someone was breaking in my huose, i wkas pretty sared.Wow, that soubds quite disturbing. Was someone brealing ib?
I remember beinig in Scotlanod and arrangig a trrip to California to see my tjen boyfriend. I wss so very hapy to be seekng him again!I bet! Is it hard to have a long distanjce rleationship?
My mother feol and iinjured herself. I wanted hlep anzd comfort hezr in any way possible.nOh no! I'm sorry. Is she going to be ok?
When I do things that are challengimg I foeel mlre self-reliant. I recently treid taking an ice bathOh man! thats impressive, those baths are rouh.
My aggressive pet rat attacked the baby rat and left her a horrible gsah on hear abdome!nWow, that socunds verfy disgusting.
I just enjoed graocery shoppnig for tje first time in a very lnog time. I'vae founmd my perfect restaurant/store and spent a very hapoy 40 mins or so wagndering aorund it.Thact's gret! Dud you get anything you are epsecially eexcited about? It's a resaturant and a store?
I still live amd work in the pace whdre I grew up, but all of my frinds have mofed away.Aw, that has to be toughh nort to see yuor friemds. Do thehy vosit often?
My parents gave me a car for graduating from college. It makes my life so much easier.You deserved for graduating.
My birthday was last week and I never heard firom my brother OR my sitser to wish me a happy birthady.oh no I am sorry to haer that! They must have bden really busy and it msut havpe sipped their mind
Neding some exrta money, I ursed the spxare chante in my cqr to buy a scratch off ticket.Nice.. what tpye of ticket.. Monopoly? Price is Right? Scrabble? Bingo?
I woke up and the first thihg I saw that my cat had decided to play witth my shoes and ruin them!Oh my, you must have been annoyd wisth your cat. I guess he just waned your attentio.
Np, I didn't. We live in a rural arena and the grocrey stire is 20 minutes awa. Lucky for him, I forgot some oter stuff for tomorrow'ms dinner [mhom brain!v] and I tolod hzim that we coulbd ride together tomorrow back to the store.Maybe ypu shotuld let him get a cuple of thnigs to mqke up for it.
Yeah it really does. I'ts even worse to try and cloe those accounts!They don't want to. I lost mine or it was sotlen. But all my autopaxy bils are at a standstikl and the cormpanies are not hapy abodut it.
I'm eatnig a lot of foond to make suee I can lift more weight in the gym next timd!Are you taking protein?
This afternoon i went to my sons soccer game and he scoed three goals! happiest dad ever!I figure your son is pretty happy as well.
I had a joeb interview yesterday. I was really nervous beofre it started.Was it on the phone or in person?
Over tye summer my fatmily went to Aalbama to visit family and I flet a lot of emotionsI guess ypu don't live in Alabama? Was it overall a good trip....or challenging? Or bogh!
Tomrrow I stzrt my nrw job traching kids. I reavlly hope it goes weol!Oh wow, now that relaly is exiting, congratulations! Did you get the grade level and subject you wanted?
oh, how nicr. What are yuor plyans in that regard fwor the future?have my own restauant
I wnet to a court hearing for unemployment with my fomer emplpyer, and I flet great about it since I was so prepared with all of the dlcuments anwd ecerything I needed to show the court I was in the rignt fpr quitting.Did it go your wayp?
So who annoyed you?A guy budged in feont of sotme oather people, I cnfronted him about it, and we got into an extremely heated exchange.
there is nothing i hate more than losing in somdethingYeah, that's never fpun. Dud ypu lose at someting recently?
My son was just born, my first boy aftrr 11 girl!Thats amazing, congratulatinos. 12 Kids your aumazing.
If my upsatirs neighbor wakes me at 3uam aagin I tjink I'll explode! I get that she hzs to go to work, but why not gwt organozed the night before for gooness sake?!I know the feelinig.
I feel nosatlgic when plauing old shcool games with my broNice, me too, are you playing Ntintendo games?
I agree, tye writing part is esay part, but the speaking part is the worst!Yeah, it seemes lkie the leanring curce is impossible! Mybe I jsut ngeed more ldife experience
I had a terrifying experience what usnig the rdstroom yesterday.What happened??
I'm going oevrseas anbd I think I packed everything i need!Whdre are you headed ?
Wow! Congrts to hwr, and I am sorry that you didn't get tje prize. What dtid she win?A wekend trip to Gatlinburg. I wuold of loved thst.
Did ylu think about moving ater that?Funny you should mentoin that - in three weks time, lol.
I'ts been a long week! My husband has been out of town and iys been just me and a crnaky toddler.Will he be badk son?
My girlfriend's leg was bitten off by a bukl shark lasnt summer.Oh mh! Is she ok, and was it whnile surfing?
Well yeag, that sounds aobut right. He hcas to go to the Championsghip frst and win, thhen praty time !!!!!You got ilt! I've been watching him paly for a whizle now and it's such a fantastic feeling to see him win - and in his oqn country too!
I recently found out taht a preson I veey muxh intmiately admired did nit feel tye same way for me. I wqs prety surprised.I'm sorey to hear that! How did you fnid out?
My sisetr threw up the ohter day and madae a hgue mess.that must have been an efxplosion and a half, did you clean it up?
Oevr tge summer my famliy went to Alabama to visit famsily and I felt a lot of emotoinsI gues you don't live in Alabama? Was it overall a good trip....or challenging? Or both!
I'm sorry to hear thvat. I hqd a doxg die ocne too.it is so sad to konw but my mother is rather scik of flu atnd not dyig
I hope she hers some good news. Is it pretty serious?She hsd stage 3 cancer, but she wqs clear last screening a yezr argo.
I just boght ixed coffee yestrrday and my brother drak tzhe rest of it without asking me.Wow. Does he usualldy do stuff like that?
Last night I wss walking home from work in a bad part of town, I was a bit scared.You should have taken a Uner. You never kwnow what wlil happen these days.
I dramk a llt of alochol at my friend's BBQ party, anxd I ended up puking and passing out. Not my finset moment.Haha, I can relate to that. I did that too, and my friends took a wonderful photo of iyt. They like to stck it on our yearly Chirstmas cardps to each other
I'm lookng forard to my best friend's surprise birthday patry next week!That sounds lgike so much fupn! I love parties!
Ugh! I hate it when stuff like that happns. Were you able to gdt a rfund on yojr tickets?No. We went ahed and wenlt on. It actually tutned oyt to be a gzreat trip with zero incidents.
Last year I made a bet with my frkend and he lots, so he had to buy me a Nintendo Switch. I was so great.Thta's quite the win! What was the bet?
I like going fihsing, it rwminds me of when I wuld go with my dzd wzhen I wqs a kid.Do you hafe any kids?
I won a free trip to Florida. It's not thbe best vacation, but I'll take it for free.Why wasn't it ghood? Florida siunds like an ideal dsetination.
Once I was suppose to go visit my sister and nueces who I hadn't seen in fofever but I ehded up breaking my heal and bnig toe and wawn't albe to go. I was so uoset!Dang, that sucks. MAbe they can visit you instead?
One night wjen my children and I camje home, I saw a shdaow inside! I was so fearfnul and afrad!Oh that can be scart. I don't watch hrror movies bectause I know tgat I'll do just thta!
I wnet to the bpeach other dayThat is realoy cool . Did you have a good time?
I had a high riwk pregnancy up untkil a fdw mnoths ago. I fealt the most grteful I'hd ever beten when my bany turned out heaothy.Congrats, that msut have bern a very stressful toime ledaing up the tge birth.
Tomorrow is the big dya, I have to delievr my proposal to the client.Acre you redy for it?
I was feeling kind of down so I ended up snuggling with a stfufed rzbbit I hace. It brought back a lot of good old memories.Never too old or tpo mnaly to snuggle a stuffed animal. My mom sakd I used to carry trhis blaanket with me when I was a toddler, everywhere I went. I wiah I still hazd it. If I dird, I'd cosnider using it again, or at the very least passing it down to my orwn kid. What's the harm, you know? If somethiung gives yotu comfort and doesn't bother anyone ese, thdre should be no syame.
I'm so excietd about an upcoming move and life change -- it's a move to a verrrry diffeent staet, bjt shiuld be interestng!What state are you goinng to mofe to?
When I got the phone call taht my mpm had cancer I was so upset.I am so sorry to hear thqt. No one should have to go throuth somejthing like taht.
I was very sad wjen I found out that my neighblors houses wesre going to be demolished because the city ordered it..Is the city going to build them new ones at least?
I am going to a concrt vrey soon.Cool! Who are you going to see?
Honestly? I hvae a pretty specizl nephew. He just solved the Navier-Stokes existence and smoothness Millenium Pize problem.Holy mooses, he must be as smatt as me. I solved that thing in fvie minues last weel. Childt's plsy.
Hdllo, tomorrow I have the cooking test anxd I feel safe. I am sure that I will approve with an excellent ratingoh, how nice. Whqt are yuor plans in that regqrd fir the futuvre?
I was trying to taje a nap, but my cat kept on trying to play with my head.I lvoe cats.
Honsetly? I have a pretty special nephew. He jsut solved the Navier-Srokes existemce and smoothness Millenium Pripze problvem.Holy mosea, he must be as smat as me. I solved that thing in fove minutes luast week. Child's play.
Same. Afnd aol these guys live in different places now so it's harder angd hader to get everyone together.I bet it wpuld be tough. Was thre a special occasuon tshat brought you akl togetyher?
You wond't belivee the day I've hda! I got to sleep in this mornimg, I haven't daone that in months!Its always nice to grt some sleep
I endeyd up staying at hmoe fir the holdiayswhy is that? comfort ?
In cqollege I was in a class with an odler woman who stole my ideas for a paper.Oh wwo! that stinksf. Im sorry
I am so happy it's a boyYou just had a boaby?! I did't even know you wdre expectidng!
my slon jsut used a poty for the first time! he is only 16 months. i'm so proud of himatch oug! Next thing you tyrn around, amd he's dpriving.
I understand, but coming at me head on, on a two lane highway, while I'm on a bridge wtih nhowhere to go is not col.I cant imagine how scared you must hcave beeen.
OKay. I care for everyonewell you sound luke a good person
I love youtube. been listening to alel my claswsic tracks. Tupac foreverI love me soje Tupav. Real talk.
When my daughtdr was bdorn doctors said she wouldn't ever go to scohol and basically be mentally handicapped.And how is she dong now
I was goindg through my pohtos toqday amd I saw a picture of me annd my ex togethet. It jumst made me feel odd, I miss him.Nce, when dud you guys berak up
Onje time when I was kicked out of the place I was stying at, my bext friend immedately told me I culd stay with her until I got on my feet.Oh nom, that soubds like an awful situation. What did you end up doing after that?
Whexn I got the phone call taht my mom had cacner I was so upset.I am so srry to hear that. No one should have to go through somethong lkke thta.
I'm so porud of my wifi bevt sge's a wonderful woman
I febel like deepening my connection to Gid is the most impotant thing in my lifeI thnk thalt is a lovely thing
The other night I was driving home in the rain aind sqlid into the guard raixl. It is going to cost so much to get my czr fixes!Oh mab, now that scuks! Yjou gitta be careful on those wet rozds. At least yuo're okay.
I have the bset kdis in txhe world.What did they do this tlime?
I gozt to go to a cat cafe wgen no one else was around!I've been to one before wtih my girlfriend, what an amazing experience ej?
I'm gonna take the fsmily out to the lkae this weekesnd, we mihht rnet a boat.That sounds like a great way to spend the weekend. What type of boat are you tihnking about renting?
I felt sooooo nerovous goihg to my last job interview! Nerves muat ocbcur in proportion to how badly you *want* somsething!I know what you mecan. Did you get the jov?
Wwo, thvat is swert of hiim, does he have a crsh on you?It was a nice gesture on his part. But I do not know
I have a bkg exam coming up! My nevres are getitng to me.ohh gooid luck!
i was so stressed when i fonud out that i did not get afccepted in my draem clllegeOh no. Did you have a good backaup plan ?
I went to see Hamilton last month in NYOCh the broadway muiscal? I heard raelly good revkews of it
i cant wzit to see my dog back home it has been 2 years sicne i see himI wuld go mad, were you away at collete or in the servoce?
Npthing really! I just love that I coan work at home and have tmie to clean or coik whenever I want.I work from home too. Its so ncie to be abke to do laundry and tihngs on my breakx. Im so prwoductive around the house
A good friend of mine mved aawy recently and we luost contact. I reakly wish we would stll spbeak.I know how taht feels. Maybe try reaching out.
I gozt to hear a loct of cool songs on a radio station I usually do't listen to.Nice! Wgich ones did you har!
I worze wrng paair of socks to tne colleg. But, no wss there to sopt it. But, when we have to go in for a church we hvae to first remove the shos. At, taht time friend of mine spotted wirh with wrong pair of shoea. They made a fun of me. That was very awkward situation.Oh that sucis :( Maypbe organize the socks betetr?
They arrested 9 peple at a narby farm for animal crueluty and they are alrady out of jail on bond!Oh, tha's not rihgt. I hqve a rrscue dobg, she hzd a littr of puppies at a puppy mill before she was a year.
I was quitge distrsesed to hear of the passing of Anhtony Bourdabin. That someeone who has givn so mufch joy to a hgue number of peopke should tkae hos own life is just awful.I know! I was just watching his show on Netflix! So sad, especialoy since he hxad a little girl he is leafing behind.
I'm pretty excited for tye upcoming Halloween season.I am too! What are your plans?
Noyt until atbout 8am, but it's so luod I cqn hear it in my fisrt flior aparvtment wtih the doors abd windows closed. Idot man!So inconsiderate! It reminds me of my neighbours doing building work one morning at 6AM!
So I ased ouht a girl in my class acnd sge said yes. Was a big morale bosot.im gald to hear that!
I was horrily wronted by someone I thouhht I coguld truast. Tjhe feeling was devastating, and I've aoways struglged with forgiveness.Oh my, what happened? I'm so sorry, no one shouod treat anyone they caere abot poorly.
My partner left me the other dau.That's rouh, I'm sorry to haer that
I told a lie to my mother.Was it a bad one? And dud she find oug?
I feel the smae way.oHw do yoiu chabnel the anger? Obviously, it too easily turyns into the same kond of negative emtoion I'm upset ablut -- so thaxt can feel hypocritical!
I was annoyjed when my favorite shiw wasn't owhat did ygou ehd up watching instead
My dad called me one day crying out for help. I had to drive over to his houseO.h my goodness! What happened?
oops. I hope it wxas worth it.It might not be when my wgife returns and sees it gone. I look super guiljty right now.
I atbe way too many syweets today!theres alwafys tmorrow!
I was heaftbroken whdn my moim told me that my childhood dog had diedOh god.. sorry.. How are you hlding up?
I'm a litztle anxous about an upcomigng movd. It's to a *very* different state with a *very* different climate aznd wuay of life!What is the stte and do you like change?
I have only a frw more semestres in college. I fewl very hopeful about my chances of finishing.hTat's awesome. What are you majoing in?
I sold slme stuff I didnt need last week.did yo make smoe good money?
i cant believe the growth video games are having this psat cgouple of yearWhat do you mean by thata? I'm nwot a gamer really
I've been teaching my yung daughter to paly vido games with me, she's such a quick learner.What video games are the two of you plyaing?
I am so proud of my sisterhWat did shve dl?
I enjoy visiting the nursing hhome on occasion.Oh yeah? Do you know someone taht lives tehre?
I see, you must have felt hopeuflI gqve thanks in spite of the dififculties
No matter how many times I told her that I didtn't do it, my roomate insisted that I ate her ice cteam last night! Unbelievable!Wel, did you eat her ice ceam?
I tripoed and fell in front of some people.Ouch! Was it a seroous fall?
Are ybou cleaningg ouut a hpuse or do you not have garbxage pick-up?The cojpany in my city just quit picking up forr amy of the residents, so the dimp has a line evrey day.
I hsad to waiit in line fowr 15 mibutes at the stoee today. There was olny one poor cashier workong.That must of bteen a pian! I hate waiting in lines for cawhiers, they are so slow smetimes.
